Sara 's high school played 12 basketball games this year . The team won most of their games . They were defeated during 4 games . How many games did they win ? 
Mike had 34 peaches at his roadside fruit dish . He went to the orchard and picked peaches to stock up . There are now 86 peaches . how many did he pick ? 
Sally had 27 Pokemon cards . Dan gave her 41 new Pokemon cards . Sally bought 20 Pokemon cards . How many Pokemon cards does Sally have now ? 
Sally had 13 peaches at her roadside fruit dish . She went to the orchard and picked peaches to stock up . There are now 55 peaches . how many did she pick ? 
Benny received 67 dollars for his birthday . He went to a sporting goods store and bought a baseball glove , baseball , and bat . He had 33 dollars over , how much did he spent on the baseball gear ? 
Last week Tom had 74 dollars . He washed cars over the weekend and now has 86 dollars . How much money did he make washing cars ? 
There were a total of 7 football games this year . Melanie missed 4 of the games . How many football games did Melanie go to in all ? 
Tom found 7 seashells but 4 were broken . How many unbroken seashells did Tom find ? 
Joan 's cat had 8 kittens . She gave 2 to her friends . How many kittens does she have now ? 
Benny 's high school played 39 baseball games this year . He attended 14 games . How many baseball games did Benny miss ? 
Melanie 's high school played 64 soccer games this year . She attended 32 games . How many soccer games did Melanie miss ? 
Fred 's high school played 616 baseball games this year . He attended 147 games . How many baseball games did Fred miss ? 
There were a total of 6 soccer games this year . Jessica missed 4 of the games . How many soccer games did Jessica go to in all ? 
There are 9 oak trees currently in the park . Park workers had to cut down 2 oak trees that were damaged . How many oak trees will the park have when the workers are finished ? 
Dan found 7 seashells but 3 were broken . How many unbroken seashells did Dan find ? 
Alyssa 's high school played 31 hockey games this year . She attended 13 games . How many hockey games did Alyssa miss ? 
